now your mama told me what happened to
you yesterday out of here you go get
fired on your day off
look look she better know I miss Parker
Parker just don't know come in it's a
big time I mean big one if you ain't got
my money I'm killing you and him you
don't drag me into this I'm used to
Stiller get in and get out get comfy
don't give me your stuff you want me to
ask for my bike back what fine but I'll
let you use a couple of weeks ago come
on my money 40 60 80 9 20 another 40 I
don't think you apply yourself smokey
Wow cool all comers
just give me three and a half minutes
maybe you [ __ ] every day uh-huh
I don't know it sound like machine guns
so you can loan me the money or not I
wouldn't feel comfortable lending you
$200 without a job if I was working I
wouldn't need 200 hours exactly
now Dana told me about that big snake
situation big one big one big hole big I
don't give it down give it to the head I
don't kill you dance movie you need a
job you need a way what you'll commit
with this girl for talking about she
look like Jen and Jax control got a car
looking more like Freddy Jackson oh my
neck I'm suing y'all I won't cut it and
fixing it but I'll set out of court
right now for 20 bucks Ice Cube Chris
Tucker Bernie Mac Johnny Witherspoon
tidies Zeus Lister and me alone
Friday don't come back here okay
I said it hit the hibbott they do they
hit him javi you don't stop the rocket
to the Bam Bam gonna say up just the
bigger to the rhythm of the beginning be
directed by F gary Gray